Add minimum rights to connect to AC (#2092)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/guides/getting-started/run-kuzzle/index.md

You are now connected to your local Kuzzle application with the Admin Console! Everything is empty but we are gonna change that in the next section.

::: info

> The minimum rights required for an user to connect to the Kuzzle Admin Console are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum rights required by an user to connect to the Kuzzle Admin Console are:
```

Reviewer: https://lingohelp.me/preposition-after-adjective/required-for-or-required-of-or-required-by/

> The minimum rights required for the anonymous user to connect to the Admin Console are:

Reviewer 2: Je remplacerai anonymous pas a user
```suggestion
The minimum rights required for an user to connect to the Kuzzle Admin Console are:
```
